Docs: Rename Operator and user guide to Manage (#5226)
grafana/mimir: operations/mimir/README.md

# Jsonnet for Grafana Mimir on Kubernetes

This folder contains the Jsonnet for deploying Grafana Mimir in Kubernetes.

> The documentation for the Mimir Jsonnet is published at [https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/next/manage/deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/next/manage/deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/).

Reviewer: Discussed IRL, this should be more generic, point to top of docs so we don't have to maintain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For documentation about Mimir Jsonnet, go to [https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/next/](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/next/).
```
